-- too lazy to take up space


game:GetService("Workspace").mythicalChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").goldenChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").enchantedChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").magmaChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").legendsChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").eternalChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").saharaChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").thunderChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").ancientChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").midnightShadowChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").groupRewardsCircle["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace")["Daily Chest"].circleInner.CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace")["wonderChest"].circleInner.CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
wait(3.5)
game:GetService("Workspace").wonderChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").midnightShadowChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Players.LocalPlayer.Character.HumanoidRootPart.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").ancientChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").midnightShadowChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").thunderChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").saharaChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").eternalChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").legendsChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").magmaChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").enchantedChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").goldenChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").mythicalChest["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace").groupRewardsCircle["circleInner"].CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
game:GetService("Workspace")["Daily Chest"].circleInner.CFrame = game.Workspace.Part.CFrame
